The open book society is an association dedicated to supporting, promoting, and disseminating contemporary design of publications and forms of independent publishing as well as the discourse of critical book aesthetics. The society is open to all and invites everyone interested to join.

The open book society emerged from the Verein zur Förderung von Grafik und Buchkunst Leipzig, which was founded in 1992 with the main purpose of organising the Walter-Tiemann-Preis, an award for innovative typographic book design. The board of the association, active since 2000, retired in the summer of 2022 with sincere thanks for their commitment: Julia Blume (Chair), Florian Hardwig (Deputy Chair) and Karla Fiedler (Treasurer).

Since then, a new team has been committed to further develop the association: Jan Blessing, Markus Dreßen, Albrecht Gäbel, Marion Kliesch, Katharina Köhler, Emil Kowalczyk, Johannes Oestringer, Helene Otto, Merle Petsch, Sanna Schiffler, Sabine Schmid, Sebastian A. Schmitt and Andrea Tinnes.

With us as a new team, the association is in a state of transition: Until now, the [award](https://www.waltertiemannpreis.de) was the main purpose of the association, now the Independent Publishing Fair [It’s a book](https://www.itsabook.de) has been introduced. For us, the connection of these two formats, which are equally relevant to us, represents a special enrichment.

Since summer 2022, we have been working on revising the association’s statutes, as well as on renaming the association. The society is now called open book society. We have elected an expanded board consisting of eight members in charge. The team of active members has also grown. This expansion allows for diversity of opinions, discussion and the sharing of tasks and responsibilities.

In this respect, we invite you to support the work of the open book society within your own means and to get in touch with us. We are grateful for all our members and we welcome any other person who would like to support us as a member with an annual contribution of 48 Euros. Monetary donations [paypal.me/openbooksociety](https://paypal.me/openbooksociety)—even any small amount—are gratefully accepted. We are looking forward to welcoming new active members—all welcome!

The next Walter-Tiemann-Preis will be given in 2024 and biennially thereafter as usual. It’s a book continues to take place annually at the same time as the Leipzig Book Fair. It’s a book is conceived, organized and designed by the open book society in cooperation with students and with the kind support of the Academy of Fine Arts Leipzig.